PAGE 17

                            GENERAL AFFIDAVIT.

State of  So Ca  , County of  Beaufort                              , SS:
    In the matter of  Flora, widow of Harry Robinson
late a Private in Co G. 34th Reg't U.S.C. Infy Vols

    Personally came before me, a  Pension Notary      in and for aforesaid County
and State,  Charles Nicklas          , aged  60      years
citizen of the town of  Green Pond  , County of  Colleton              , State of
So Ca                 , well known  to me to be reputable and entitled to credit, and who,

being duly sworn, declare in relation to aforesaid case as follows:
        Have known Flora Robinson from childhood
[NOTE.—Affiants should state how they gain a knowledge of the facts to which they testify.]
also her husband Harry Robinson, until his
death. They lived together as husband and wife
before the war and were married at Pigeon Point
near Beaufort S. C. "under the flag" by Chaplain Moore
of 34th Regt U.S.C. Infy. Was present at their marriage.
They lived together as husband and wife and were
so recognized by all the neighbors until he died in January
about fifteen years ago. Was present at his funeral but
can not remember the year exactly, and know of no
record. Neither had been married before they had
each other and she has not re-married.
He was not in the military or naval service of
the U.S. after being discharged from Co G. 34th U.S.C. Infy.
I know these facts from personal acquaintance of
many years, and from living near the Robinsons, saw them often.
    further declare that    I have  no interest in said case, and  am not con-
cerned in its prosecution.

1  Beulah Ryder                         Charles  his
                                               X Nicklas
2  Anna Scott                                     mark

NOTE.—In the execution of papers and evidence, whenever a person or witness signs by mark, (†,) two persons who
can write must attest the signature by signing their names opposite.
The official before whom papers are executed is not a competent witness to a mark.

                                                  1892
                                                   / 177
