PAGE 19

                            GENERAL AFFIDAVIT.

State of  So Ca  , County of  Beaufort                              , SS:
    In the matter of  Flora Robinson widow of
Harry Robinson late of Co G. 34th Reg't U.S.C. Infy

    Personally came before me, a  Pension Notary      in and for aforesaid County
and State,  Pool Sellers          , aged abt 52    years
citizen of the town of  Seabrook  , County of  Beaufort              , State of
So Ca                 , well known  to me to be reputable and entitled to credit, and who,

being duly sworn, declare in relation to aforesaid case as follows:
        Acquainted with Flora widow of Harry
[NOTE.—Affiants should state how they gain a knowledge of the facts to which they testify.]
Robinson who was a member of 34th
Reg't U.S.C. Infy Vols. They were married
before the war and I was present when
they were remarried "under the flag" at
Pigeon Point, near Beaufort S.C. by the
Chaplain of the regiment. They lived to
gether as husband and wife until he died.
They were known as husband and wife and
so recognized by every one. She has not re-married,
and neither of them was ever married to any
one else before they had each other.
    She has no property from which she can
get any money and is dependent on herself
for a living. I know these facts from personal acquaintance of
many years.    further declare that    I have  no interest in said case, and  am not con-
cerned in its prosecution.  also that Robinson was not in the service of
the United States after he was discharged from 34th Reg. in June 1865

1  Beulah Ryder                            Pool  his
                                                 X Sellers
2  Hannah Miller                                   mark

NOTE.—In the execution of papers and evidence, whenever a person or witness signs by mark, (†,) two persons who
can write must attest the signature by signing their names opposite.
The official before whom papers are executed is not a competent witness to a mark.

mge, no for mge means; no sub service
