GENERAL AFFIDAVIT.

[Stamp: PENSION OFFICE JUN 1894]

State of  South Carolina,  County of  Colleton,   55:

In the matter of  Pension Claim for Lucius Robinson
Co. G  34 Reg. U.S.C.T. Vol.

ON THIS  4  day of  May,  A. D. 18[94], personally
appeared before me  before a Notary Public  in and for the afore-
said County, duly authorized to administer oaths,  Cuffee Bolze,
aged  60  years, a resident of  Green Pond,  in the County
of  Colleton  and State of  South Carolina,
whose Post-Office address is  Green Pond  Colleton County S.C.  and
Nepton Nicholas,  aged  59  years, a resident of  Green Pond,
in the County of  Colleton
and State of  South Carolina,  whose Post-Office address is  Green Pond
Colleton  County  South Carolina.

well known to be reputable and entitled to credit, and who, being duly sworn, declared in relation to aforesaid
case as follows:  That they were both comrades in same
Regiment and Company.  That while they were
in service during the war the same  Lucius Robinson
suffered several times at Morris Island SC with
some kind of obstruction in passing water and
an enlargement of some gland under
his testicles.  That they have lived in the same place -
tion near Green Pond ever since the war and ever
since boyhood.  That he is now a sufferer
to such an extent from the
increased enlargement of same gland as
to render him unable to perform manual labor to
the extent of 3/4 of his time.  That his moral
character has always been good and that the above
suffering as described was not caused by any
vicious habit.  That he has been a constant
sufferer with the same since his discharge from
service at close of war.  That the above is known at Walterloo S.C.
under the above to them from their oral statements
in their presence  May 4 1894.  That they were not prompted or
aided in giving the above by any written or printed statement
not shown or by any person.

they  further declare that  they are  not interest in said case and  are  not
not concerned in its prosecution.

C. M. Grace                          Cuffee X Bolze [mark]
J. Meloni Carter                     Nepton X Nicholas [mark]
[If Affiants sign by mark, two witnesses who can write sign here.]  [Signature of Affiants.]
